{"1": "Jim and Anne will be in charge of the spring field day to be held in early June. They will ask their friends' aid to get set up. There will be games for the boys and girls. The children will want to hike, ride their bikes, and swim. This yearly event will be held in the new Peach Grove Park. Ruth has work to do on the plans for food for the day. Last year Ruth spent most of her time helping the two cooks with many snacks.",
"2": "Hunt and peck (two-fingered typing), also known as Eagle Finger, is a common form of typing in which the typist presses each key individually. Instead of relying on the memorized position of keys, the typist must find each key by sight. Use of this method may also prevent the typist from being able to see what has been typed without glancing away from the keys. Although good accuracy may be achieved, any typing errors that are made may not be noticed immediately due to the user not looking at the screen. There is also the disadvantage that because fewer fingers are used, those that are used are forced to move a much greater distance.",
"3": "One study examining 30 subjects, of varying different styles and expertise, has found minimal difference in typing speed between touch typists and self-taught hybrid typists. According to the study, \"The number of fingers does not determine typing speed... People using self-taught typing strategies were found to be as fast as trained typists... instead of the number of fingers, there are other factors that predict typing speed... fast typists... keep their hands fixed on one position, instead of moving them over the keyboard, and more consistently use the same finger to type a certain letter.\" To quote doctoral candidate Anna Feit: \"We were surprised to observe that people who took a typing course, performed at similar average speed and accuracy, as those that taught typing to themselves and only used 6 fingers on average\" (Wikipedia)",
"4": "A transcription service is a business which converts speech (either live or recorded) into a written or electronic text document. Transcription services are often provided for business, legal, or medical purposes. The most common type of transcription is from a spoken-language source into text such as a computer file suitable for printing as a document such as a report. Common examples are the proceedings of a court hearing such as a criminal trial (by a court reporter) or a physician's recorded voice notes (medical transcription).",
"5": "Being human makes us susceptible to the onset of feelings. The role of these emotions varies. Some of them are useful while others may be harmful. The use of social media for self-expression has reached a point that it makes us feel we can say anything. This begins when we see people expressing anything and everything that come to mind. When we see everyone else voicing their likes and dislikes, their irritations and desires we tend to imitate what they do. And because many engage in this, we think that it is normal and healthy. However, when we get used to unbridled self-expression, we come to believe that all feelings are valid. We become convinced that in real life, we should also act on our emotions and our impulses. Using social media this way erodes our ability to regulate our actions and reactions. To illustrate, when something small irritates us we think that it's okay to feel this way. But isn't it better to foster one's patience and resilience instead of immediately complaining? Or when we develop an attraction to someone despite that person being in a relationship, and because social media has conditioned us that all feelings can be expressed, we tend to think that acting on this attraction is okay. Not all feelings deserve expression. We find ourselves creating our own problems when we let our present emotions control our actions."
}